Update generated readme (#181)
StoglRobotics/ros_team_workspace: templates/package/_append_to_README_ROS_Intro.md

# How to use this Package and ROS Introduction

 - [Workflow With Docker](#workflow-with-docker)

>    * [Quick Start Using ROS with Docker (ros_team_workspace)](#quick-start-using-ros-with-docker-ros_team_workspace)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Quick Start Using ROS with Docker (RosTeamWorkspace)](#quick-start-using-ros-with-docker-rosteamworkspace)
```

 - [Install and Build](#install-and-build)

>    * [Install ROS $Ros_distro$ and Development Tooling](#install-ros-$Ros_distro$-and-development-tooling)

Reviewer: are you sure for this change?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Install ROS $Ros_distro$ and Development Tooling](#install-ros-$ROS_DISTRO$-and-development-tooling)
```

 - [Creating a new ROS 2 Package](#creating-a-new-ros2-package)
 - [References](#references)

## Workflow With [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)

> **NOTE:** If you do not use Docker in the current workflow you can skip this section and jump to [Install and Build](#install-and-build)

> We usually use a separate [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/) container for each of the projects/workspaces we work on. A tool which simplifies the creation of Docker based workspaces it [ros_team_workspace](https://github.com/StoglRobotics/ros_team_workspace/tree/master). Besides ton of documentation on [ROS](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/index.html) and [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/) that can be found in internet, the [ros_team_workspace tool](https://github.com/StoglRobotics/ros_team_workspace/tree/master) and its [documentation](https://rtw.stoglrobotics.de/master/index.html) targeted towards developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We usually use a separate [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/) container for each of the projects/workspaces we work on.
An internal tool from [Stogl Robotics](https://stoglrobotics.de) called [Ros Team Workspace (RTW)](https://rtw.stoglrobotics.de) simplifies the creation and work with  Docker based workspaces.
The tool is targeted toward developers.
```

Installation of docker depends on the operating system you are using. Instructions can be found here: [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/), [Mac](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/) and [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/linux-install/).

### Quick Start Using ROS with Docker (ros_team_workspace)

> You can easily [setup a new Docker based workspace](https://github.com/StoglRobotics/ros_team_workspace/tree/master) with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [Ros Team Workspace (RTW)](https://rtw.stoglrobotics.de) you can easily with the following command:
```
